Update README.md (#3)
Team-Swamp/conventions: README.md

------
### Namespaces

> The namespace name is written in PascalCasing. The lines in the namespaces should should not exstend a col of 120.

Reviewer: 'Col'? why not 'character count'?

> Every class, scriptableObject and struct (if separate) needs to be inside of a namespace.

Reviewer: So you are allowing internal structs inside a class?

}
```

> **Access modifiers** are always writen with functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Access modifiers** are always written with functions.
```

```cs
void ExampleFunction()
{
    Debug.Log("Not allowed");
}

private void ExampleFunction()
{
    Debug.Log("I'm a private function.");
}

protected void ExampleFunction()
{
    Debug.Log("I'm a protected function.");
}

public void ExampleFunction()
{

>     Debug.Log("I'm a public function.");

Reviewer: I would use summaries instead of `Debug.Log`

Author: That is an option, but to be consitant we use Debug.Log here.

}
```

> When there are more then 1 parameter, we addept this rule for readability. This does defeat the rule below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there is more than 1 parameter, we add this rule for readability. This does defeat the rule below.
```

```cs
// Good
private void ExampleFunction(
    int a,
    int b,

>     float c,

Reviewer: Is using just 'a', 'b' and 'c' good or do they need to be written out?

    MonoBehaviour targetClass,
    bool isTrue,

>     double funnyNumber)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    double funnyNumber
```

Author: That ')' is part of the function, so it stays.

}
```

When there is more than 2 parameter, we add this rule for readability. This does defeat the rule below.
```cs
// Good
private void ExampleFunction(int firstNumber, int secondNumber)
{
    
}

// Good
private void ExampleFunction(
    int firstNumber,
    int secondNumber,
    float numberWithComma,

>     MonoBehaviour targetClass,

Reviewer: Id either use `MonoScript` or `Component` instead of `MonoBehaviour`

    bool isTrue,
    double funnyNumber)
{
    
}

// Bad

> private void ExampleFunction(int firstNumber, int secondNumber, float numberWithComma, MonoBehaviour targetClass, bool isTrue, double funnyNumber)

Reviewer: Same here for the `MonoBehaviour`

{
    
}
```

> When there is only 1 line of code inside of an function you can use a lambda expresion.

Reviewer: What if lambda methods exceed 120 characters, whats the syntax then?

```cs
public void ExampleFunction() => SecondExampleFunction();

// with parameters
public void ExampleFunction(
    int firstNumber,
    int secondNumber,
    float numberWithComma,

>     MonoBehaviour targetClass,

Reviewer: Same here for the `MonoBehaviour`

This is extremely important as if a question is not asked, it may be assumed that the function performs an action and is returning whether that action succeeded.

> **Access modifiers** are always writen with varibles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Access modifiers** are always written with variables.
```

    }
}
```
#### Hungarian notation

We don't do that here. It's crucial to note that Hungarian notation is considered a suboptimal practice in coding standards.

```cs
// good
private int targetAmount;
private Player player;
private ExampleStruct currentStruct;

//bad
private int _intTargetAmount;
private Agent _agentAgent;
private ExampleStruct _exampleStructCurrentStruct;
```

> This also apply to collections. They follow the same naming rules as mentioned before, but should be named as a plural noun.

Reviewer: wtf is this?

Author: This is a showcase of Hungarian notation. Here you can see why we are not going to use it.

Author: I will change some names to be more clear.

```cs
if (_exampleBoolean)
    ExampleFunction();
else
{
    SeccondExampleFunction();
    ThirdExampleFunction();
}
```

When the condition has multiple condtions, make new lines for it.
```cs
// bad example
if (_exampleBoolean && 0 == 0 || true)
    ExampleFunction();

// good example
if (_exampleBoolean
    && 0 == 0
    || true)
    ExampleFunction();

// good example
if (_exampleBoolean && _otherExampleBoolean
    || true)
    ExampleFunction();

// also good example
bool canBeCalled = _exampleBoolean && 0 == 0 || true;
if (canBeCallled)
    ExampleFunction();
```

##### ternary operator
I highly recommand ternary operators when dynamicly change 1 varible.
```cs
// bad example
if (_exampleBoolean)
    _exampleFloat = 1;
else
    _exampleFloat = 69;

// good example
_exampleFloat = _exampleBoolean ? 1 : 69;
```
Also a note, don't make them to big
```cpp
// Not readable
currentIndex = direction ? (startIndex * 2 > (int)corridor.GetNodes().Lenght - 1) ? (int)corridor.GetNodes().Lenght - 1 : max(startIndex * 2 - 1, 0)) : (startIndex * 2 - 1 < 0 ? 0 : indexMinCap = max(startIndex * 2, nodeSize));

> // Readable

Reviewer: mhm sure..

currentIndex = direction
    ? (startIndex * 2 > (int)corridor.GetNodes().Lenght - 1)
        ? (int)corridor.GetNodes().Lenght - 1
        : max(startIndex * 2 - 1, 0)))
    : (startIndex * 2 - 1 < 0
        ? 0
        : indexMinCap = max(startIndex * 2, nodeSize));

> // Best readable

Reviewer: Hardcoded city over here, god damn
